docs: Add Safe CLI (#400)
safe-global/safe-docs: pages/advanced/cli-reference/overview.mdx

import { Cards, Card } from 'nextra/components'
import Guides from '../../../assets/svg/guides.svg'
import Reference from '../../../assets/svg/reference.svg'

# Reference

Safe CLI has two operation modes:

- **blockchain**: The default mode. Use the `blockchain` command to enable it. Transactions are sent to the blockchain.
- **tx-service**: Use the `tx-service` command to enable it. Transactions are sent to the Safe Transaction Service (if available on the network), and you can see them on the Safe \{Wallet\} web interface

> and mobile app. At least one signer is needed to send transactions to the service. Transactions are *not executed*. It requires *Safe\{Core\} API running on the network*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At least one signer is needed to send transactions to the service. Transactions are not executed. It requires *Safe\{Core\} API running on the network*.
```

<Cards>
  <Card icon={<Guides />} title="Common Operations" href="./common-operations" />
  <Card icon={<Reference />} title="Transaction Service Operations" href="./tx-service-operations" />
</Cards>

## Use custom contracts

> Safe CLI comes with the official deterministic Safe contract addresses deployed on multiple chains configured by default. If you want to use your own, you can edit the file `safe_cli/safe_addresses.py`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Safe CLI comes with the official deterministic Safe Smart Account addresses deployed on multiple chains configured by default. If you want to use your own, you can edit the file `safe_cli/safe_addresses.py`
```
